DOC-2181 doc(gse): how to use new GSE fast setup (4.1) (#475)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/reference/pages/configuration-parameters.adoc

* The default value is 0. When the value is 0, the threshold is dynamically decided by TigerGraph, based on current memory usage statistics.
| `TransactionSizeLimit=1073741824`

|GSE
| `ServFromDisk`,
GSE.BasicConfig.Env
a|

> * Enable the disk mode to read vertex ID from the disk instead of memory by setting it to `1` (Default = `0`). This will help reduce the GSE startup time significantly by skipping loading vertices into the memory from the disk with the trade-off of slight (< 10%) performance degradation for data loading and query processing.

Reviewer: I am not sure about the < 10% performance degradation, which might be true for query processing, but I am afraid the impact might be larger for data loading.

Author: I asked Yuanyang some questions about the perf test method to justify this. Once I confirm with him, I can give more details here. Or I can just ditch the number and just keep the wording *slight*. The degradation actually can vary by the data size.

Reviewer: Let's confirm with Yuanyang first, I am afraid the regression could be 30% or higher.

Reviewer 2: @TanYongSql @junhyungshin-tg What's the resolution to the performance slowdown?

> * Enable the disk mode to read vertex ID from the disk instead of memory by setting it to `1` (Default = `0`). This will help reduce the GSE startup time significantly by skipping loading vertices into the memory from the disk with the trade-off of slight (< 10%) performance degradation for data loading and query processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When set to `1`, vertex ID data remains on disk rather than being loaded into memory. This will help reduce the GSE startup time significantly, with the trade-off of slight slower performance for data loading and query processing.  Default = `0`: vertex ID is loaded into memory.
```

> * GSE will perform a one-time DB format conversion during the first startup after turning this flag on. The conversion time depends on the number of vertices. GSE must be restarted after the conversion to take effect as the data is already loaded onto memory for the conversion that is ready to be served as-is.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* GSE will perform a one-time DB format conversion during the first startup after turning this flag on. The conversion time depends on the number of vertices. After the conversion, GSE must then be restarted for the conversion to take effect.
```

> * The built-in endpoints xref:API:built-in-endpoints.adoc#_deleted_vertex_check[`/deleted_vertex_check`] and xref:API:built-in-endpoints.adoc#_data_consistency_check[`/data_consistency_check`] will not be supported under the disk mode as they require the full scan which can take significant time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The built-in endpoints xref:API:built-in-endpoints.adoc#_deleted_vertex_check[`/deleted_vertex_check`] and xref:API:built-in-endpoints.adoc#_data_consistency_check[`/data_consistency_check`] are not supported when ServFromDisk = 1, as they require the full scan which can take significant time.
```

> | `ServFromdisk=1`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ServFromDisk=1`
```
